README.md, before:

### 🔥 Hi, I'm Nguyễn Tiến Tài - FullStack Web Developer  <a href="https://profile-forme.surge.sh" target="_blank"><img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/ecommerce2021/image/upload/v1659065987/avatar/logo_begsn1.png" width="50"></a>
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/dinhanhthi/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tai-nguyen-tien-787545213/)
[![Profile](https://img.shields.io/badge/-My%20Notes-009e22?style=flat&logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAA4AAAARCAQAAABHwVUUAAAAxklEQVQYlYWROw6BQRSFp1LRW4BaqUCswAJsQYJoJDQsAI0VSIgIpUKjIgqxAIlGoSXexPNz+ecvMDi3uvnmzD0zVymFkwI9ui/Vo4JH4SDEhE9diSkCZMkzZ0Wblq6pwBspJdcGWUgzJEqDOk3S1DTES5IyGwbi37FmL0eqNnQToc+RMQkZkCVHnI4NXYQZcZZmz/ZZOy429JGhJIHepQP5ZeKn/jr1zJMZWmkPZmi9c/ktUNCAtNP625kZ/tqKeuQtmvd5B5bhnUU8EVlfAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC&link=https://profile-forme.surge.sh)](https://profile-forme.surge.sh)
[![Buy Me A Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee-db4c4c?style=flat&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=ffffff&link=https://ko-fi.com/tientainguyen)](https://ko-fi.com/tientainguyen)

I hold a software engineering degree from Nha Trang University. I work as a Full-Stack Web Developer at a software company and also teach programming to students.

- 🎓 Graduated from Nha Trang University with an undergraduate degree.
- 🔥 I am a software engineer and a programming instructor. I work as a programmer for companies websites.
- 📚 My notes of learning at [https://profile-forme.cf](https://profile-forme.cf) and GitHub.
- 😍 My hobbies are coding, reading, and cooking.
- 💌 Contact me at [nguyentientai10@gmail.com](mailto:nguyentientai10@gmail.com).

Technologies I've been learning and using so far (in alphabetical order):

# 🚀 Programming Languages Showcase 🌟

[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-DD9C25?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PHP-4951aa?style=flat-square&logo=php&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.vercel.app)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)

<!------------------- Step 1 -------------- -->
## 🌐 Frontend

[![Element UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Element%20UI-409EFF?style=flat-square&logo=element-ui&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-563D7C?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Laravel-fb503b?style=flat-square&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-0088cc?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Vue](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue-41b883?style=flat-square&logo=Vue.js&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-9932CC?style=flat-square&logo=redux&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Sass](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SASS-CC6699?style=flat-square&logo=sass&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Nuxt.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nuxt.js-41b883?style=flat-square&logo=nuxt.js&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
 <!------------------- Step 2 -------------- -->
## 💻 Backend

[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NestJS-E0234E?style=flat-square&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Knex](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Knex-DB4D6D?style=flat&logo=knex&logoColor=white)](https://knexjs.org/)
[![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Socket.io-010101?style=flat&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white)](https://socket.io/)
[![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=flat-square&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Firebase-FF6600?style=flat&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)](https://firebase.google.com/)
[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Hasura](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Hasura-FF6924?style=flat-square&logo=hasura&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-black?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/your-github-username)](https://github.com/fdhhhdjd)
[![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitLab-orange?style=flat&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white&link=https://gitlab.com/your-gitlab-username)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/-RabbitMQ-FF6600?style=flat&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)](https://www.rabbitmq.com/)
 <!------------------- Step 3 -------------- -->
## ⚙️ DevOps

[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ed?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)](https://link-to-your-kubernetes-profile)
[![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Heroku-430098?style=flat-square&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nginx-269539?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)](https://nginx.org/)
[![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Netlify-00C7B7?style=flat-square&logo=netlify&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Surge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Surge-ff4081?style=flat-square&logo=surge&logoColor=white)](https://link-to-your-surge-profile)
[![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cloudflare-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=cloudflare&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vercel-000000?style=flat-square&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
 <!------------------- Step 4 -------------- -->
## 🖥️ OS & IDE & Tools

[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-D67A10?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)

## ☁️ Cloud
[![Dialogflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Dialogflow-FF9800?style=flat-square&logo=dialogflow&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Cloudinary](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cloudinary-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Cloud-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![AWS Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS%20Cloud-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)

📢 Hi everyone,

I am thrilled to announce the launch of my new blog project! 🚀

The main objective of this project is to share my extensive knowledge and experience in the field of programming and software development. I will be covering a wide range of topics including frontend, backend, DevOps, cutting-edge technologies, and much more.

I am eagerly looking forward to sharing my insights with all of you and learning from your valuable feedback. Stay tuned for a series of captivating articles that will be published on my blog!

To stay updated with the latest posts, I invite you to follow my blog at [In Processing](https://profile-forme.cf).

Your support is greatly appreciated as we strive to build a vibrant community of learners and knowledge enthusiasts!

If you have any questions or feedback, please don't hesitate to reach out to me at [nguyentientai10@gmail.com](nguyentientai10@gmail.com).

Please note that the project is currently private. If you are genuinely interested in expanding your knowledge, kindly send me a message, and I will be more than happy to provide you with access.

Thank you for your continuous support, and I look forward to connecting with you on the blog!

To learn more about me, visit [https://profile-forme.cf](https://profile-forme.cf).

🌟 Nguyễn Tiến Tài

Commit message:

20/09/2023 Update link profile README.md

README.md, after:

### 🔥 Hi, I'm Nguyễn Tiến Tài - FullStack Web Developer  <a href="https://profile-forme.surge.sh" target="_blank"><img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/ecommerce2021/image/upload/v1659065987/avatar/logo_begsn1.png" width="50"></a>
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/dinhanhthi/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tai-nguyen-tien-787545213/)
[![Profile](https://img.shields.io/badge/-My%20Notes-009e22?style=flat&logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAA4AAAARCAQAAABHwVUUAAAAxklEQVQYlYWROw6BQRSFp1LRW4BaqUCswAJsQYJoJDQsAI0VSIgIpUKjIgqxAIlGoSXexPNz+ecvMDi3uvnmzD0zVymFkwI9ui/Vo4JH4SDEhE9diSkCZMkzZ0Wblq6pwBspJdcGWUgzJEqDOk3S1DTES5IyGwbi37FmL0eqNnQToc+RMQkZkCVHnI4NXYQZcZZmz/ZZOy429JGhJIHepQP5ZeKn/jr1zJMZWmkPZmi9c/ktUNCAtNP625kZ/tqKeuQtmvd5B5bhnUU8EVlfAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC&link=https://profile-forme.surge.sh)](https://profile-forme.surge.sh)
[![Buy Me A Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee-db4c4c?style=flat&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=ffffff&link=https://ko-fi.com/tientainguyen)](https://ko-fi.com/tientainguyen)

I hold a software engineering degree from Nha Trang University. I work as a Full-Stack Web Developer at a software company and also teach programming to students.

- 🎓 Graduated from Nha Trang University with an undergraduate degree.
- 🔥 I am a software engineer and a programming instructor. I work as a programmer for companies websites.
- 📚 My notes of learning at [profile-forme.com](https://www.profile-forme.com) and GitHub.
- 😍 My hobbies are coding, reading, and cooking.
- 💌 Contact me at [nguyentientai10@gmail.com](mailto:nguyentientai10@gmail.com).

Technologies I've been learning and using so far (in alphabetical order):

# 🚀 Programming Languages Showcase 🌟

[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-DD9C25?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PHP-4951aa?style=flat-square&logo=php&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.vercel.app)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)

<!------------------- Step 1 -------------- -->
## 🌐 Frontend

[![Element UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Element%20UI-409EFF?style=flat-square&logo=element-ui&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-563D7C?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Laravel-fb503b?style=flat-square&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-0088cc?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Vue](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue-41b883?style=flat-square&logo=Vue.js&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-9932CC?style=flat-square&logo=redux&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Sass](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SASS-CC6699?style=flat-square&logo=sass&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Nuxt.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nuxt.js-41b883?style=flat-square&logo=nuxt.js&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
 <!------------------- Step 2 -------------- -->
## 💻 Backend

[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NestJS-E0234E?style=flat-square&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Knex](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Knex-DB4D6D?style=flat&logo=knex&logoColor=white)](https://knexjs.org/)
[![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Socket.io-010101?style=flat&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white)](https://socket.io/)
[![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=flat-square&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Firebase-FF6600?style=flat&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)](https://firebase.google.com/)
[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Hasura](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Hasura-FF6924?style=flat-square&logo=hasura&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-black?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/your-github-username)](https://github.com/fdhhhdjd)
[![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitLab-orange?style=flat&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white&link=https://gitlab.com/your-gitlab-username)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/-RabbitMQ-FF6600?style=flat&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)](https://www.rabbitmq.com/)
 <!------------------- Step 3 -------------- -->
## ⚙️ DevOps

[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ed?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)](https://link-to-your-kubernetes-profile)
[![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Heroku-430098?style=flat-square&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nginx-269539?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)](https://nginx.org/)
[![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Netlify-00C7B7?style=flat-square&logo=netlify&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Surge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Surge-ff4081?style=flat-square&logo=surge&logoColor=white)](https://link-to-your-surge-profile)
[![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cloudflare-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=cloudflare&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vercel-000000?style=flat-square&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
 <!------------------- Step 4 -------------- -->
## 🖥️ OS & IDE & Tools

[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-D67A10?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)

## ☁️ Cloud
[![Dialogflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Dialogflow-FF9800?style=flat-square&logo=dialogflow&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Cloudinary](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cloudinary-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Cloud-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)
[![AWS Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS%20Cloud-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)](https://profile-forme.cf)

📢 Hi everyone,

I am thrilled to announce the launch of my new blog project! 🚀

The main objective of this project is to share my extensive knowledge and experience in the field of programming and software development. I will be covering a wide range of topics including frontend, backend, DevOps, cutting-edge technologies, and much more.

I am eagerly looking forward to sharing my insights with all of you and learning from your valuable feedback. Stay tuned for a series of captivating articles that will be published on my blog!

To stay updated with the latest posts, I invite you to follow my blog at [profile-forme.com](https://www.profile-forme.com).

Your support is greatly appreciated as we strive to build a vibrant community of learners and knowledge enthusiasts!

If you have any questions or feedback, please don't hesitate to reach out to me at [nguyentientai10@gmail.com](nguyentientai10@gmail.com).

Please note that the project is currently private. If you are genuinely interested in expanding your knowledge, kindly send me a message, and I will be more than happy to provide you with access.

Thank you for your continuous support, and I look forward to connecting with you on the blog!

To learn more about me, visit [profile-forme.com](https://www.profile-forme.com).

🌟 Nguyễn Tiến Tài
